your turn so what am i tonight the
burglar hello
tell me about your women I have been
keeping company with a number of nice
ladies what is her name
that is Tatiana well I have to make her
cry first she's worth it yeah this right
here is Brendon she wants it in
wheelbarrow Arabian goggles the Arsenio
Hall pastrami sandwich I don't even know
what these are you're married good point
you're living a dream much having
children it's like it's living with
little mini drug addicts you know
they're laughing one minute and then
they're crying then accident they're
trying to kill themselves in your
bathroom for no good reason
they're very mean and selfish and they
burn through your money and they break
my god come on you know I was just
saying that I envy your life man I envy
yours I wish I had your life
miss lemon your partner Oh we go
yeah I knew it you wish from my life oh
we're visiting that fountain
used to be at each other's lives I was
just trying to be nice
the first time in your life you're
good-looking you're single going on
between us it's crazy for what's even
more crazy is not to use it
have we met hold on you two guys should
go out wait what I like working with
Dave I actually used to have kind of a
crush on Dave you know but he's married
so obviously obviously obviously
obviously yeah super married what do I
tell Jamie when she wants to have sex
tonight you're not having sex with my
wife she comes to me like a
hurricane a guy can only withstand so
much I am gonna ruin her Oh Mike I need
to cool it on the Thai food oh my god no
no no no no no no don't back that thing
up into me don't believe you come at me
guns hot